DOCSUP-12124: Document currentProfiles, enabledProfiles, defaultProfiles functions (#27175)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/functions/other-functions.md

-   [tcp_port](../../operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings.md#server_configuration_parameters-tcp_port)

## currentProfiles {#current-profiles}

> Returns list of the current [setting profiles](../../operations/access-rights.md#settings-profiles-management) for current user. The command [SET PROFILE](../../sql-reference/statements/set.md#query-set) could be used to change the current setting profile.

Reviewer: Please add:

```
If the command SET PROFILE hasn't been called the function `currentProfiles()` returns the profiles specified at the current user's definition (see CREATE USER)
```

> Returns list of the current [setting profiles](../../operations/access-rights.md#settings-profiles-management) for current user. The command [SET PROFILE](../../sql-reference/statements/set.md#query-set) could be used to change the current setting profile. If the command `SET PROFILE` hasn't been called the function returns the profiles specified at the current user's definition (see [CREATE USER](../../sql-reference/statements/create/user.md#create-user-statement), `SETTINGS` section).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns a list of the current [settings profiles](../../operations/access-rights.md#settings-profiles-management) for the current user. The settings profile can be defined with the [SET PROFILE](../../sql-reference/statements/set.md#query-set) statement. If the `SET PROFILE` statement was not called, the function returns the profiles, specified at the user's definition (see [CREATE USER](../../sql-reference/statements/create/user.md#create-user-statement), `SETTINGS` clause).
```

**Syntax**

``` sql
currentProfiles()
```

**Returned value**

> -   List of the current setting profiles. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   List of the current settings profiles. 
```

Type: [Array](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)).

## enabledProfiles {#enabled-profiles}

>  Returns setting profiles are assigned to the user both explicitly and implicitly. Implicitly assigned profiles to include parent profiles of other assigned profiles, profiles assigned via granted roles, profiles assigned via their own settings, and the main default profile (see the section `default_profile` in the main configuration file).

Reviewer: Please

```
Explicitly assigned profiles are the same profiles as returned by the function `currentProfiles()`
```

Reviewer: `Implicitly assigned profiles include parent profiles...`, not `to include`.

>  Returns setting profiles are assigned to the user both explicitly and implicitly. Explicitly assigned profiles are the same profiles as returned by the function [currentProfiles](#current-profiles). Implicitly assigned profiles includes parent profiles of other assigned profiles, profiles assigned via granted roles, profiles assigned via their own settings, and the main default profile (see the section `default_profile` in the main configuration file).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 Returns settings profiles, assigned to the current user both explicitly and implicitly. Explicitly assigned profiles are the same as returned by the [currentProfiles](#current-profiles) function. Implicitly assigned profiles include parent profiles of other assigned profiles, profiles assigned via granted roles, profiles assigned via their own settings, and the main default profile (see the `default_profile` section in the main server configuration file).
```

 If some profile occurs multiple times (with some other settings in between), the latest occurrence overrides all the previous ones.

**Syntax**

``` sql
enabledProfiles()
```

**Returned value**

-   List of the enabled setting profiles. 

Type: [Array](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)).

## defaultProfiles {#default-profiles}

> Returns the default setting profiles, i.e. the settings which should be applied on the user's login.

Reviewer: Please replace with

```
Returns all the profiles specified at the current user's definition (see CREATE USER, section about SETTINGS).
```

> -   List of the enabled setting profiles. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   List of the enabled settings profiles. 
```

> Returns all the profiles specified at the current user's definition (see [CREATE USER]()).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Returns all the profiles specified at the current user's definition (see [CREATE USER](../../sql-reference/statements/create/user.md#create-user-statement)).
```

**Syntax**

``` sql
defaultProfiles()
```

**Returned value**

> -   List of the default setting profiles. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   List of the default settings profiles. 
```

-   [tcp_port](../../operations/server-configuration-parameters/settings.md#server_configuration_parameters-tcp_port)

## currentProfiles {#current-profiles}

Returns a list of the current [settings profiles](../../operations/access-rights.md#settings-profiles-management) for the current user. 

> The settings profile can be specified at the user's definition (see [CREATE USER](../../sql-reference/statements/create/user.md#create-user-statement), `PROFILE` clause) and can be changed with the [SET profile](../../sql-reference/statements/set.md#query-set) statements lately. 

Reviewer: The part about `SET PROFILE` should be written first, because it's more important for the explanation.
`SET PROFILE` is a command, it should be written uppercase.

**Syntax**

``` sql
currentProfiles()
```

**Returned value**

-   List of the current user settings profiles. 

Type: [Array](../../sql-reference/data-types/array.md)([String](../../sql-reference/data-types/string.md)).

## enabledProfiles {#enabled-profiles}

 Returns settings profiles, assigned to the current user both explicitly and implicitly. Explicitly assigned profiles are the same as returned by the [currentProfiles](#current-profiles) function. Implicitly assigned profiles include parent profiles of other assigned profiles, profiles assigned via granted roles, profiles assigned via their own settings, and the main default profile (see the `default_profile` section in the main server configuration file).

>  If some profile occurs multiple times (with some other settings in between), the latest occurrence overrides all the previous ones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 The order of the profiles in the list corresponds to the order of applying these profiles.
```

Reviewer: This sentence is describing kind of implementation details, so it's better to remove it.
